---
id: Copyright
title: Copyright
---
 

©Visual BI Solutions, Inc. ("Visual BI"). All rights reserved. No part
of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any
means, electronic or mechanical, for any purpose, without the express
written permission of Visual BI. Under the law, reproducing includes
translating into another language or format. As between the parties,
Visual BI retains title to, and ownership of, all proprietary rights
with respect to the software contained within its products. The software
is protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty
provision. Therefore, you must treat the software like any other
copyrighted material (e.g. a book or sound recording). Every effort has
been made to ensure that the information in this manual is accurate.
Visual BI Solutions is not responsible for printing or clerical errors.
Information in this document is subject to change without notice.

Trademark Information
---------------------

Visual BI® and the Visual BI logo design are trademarks of Visual BI. in
the United States and various other countries. All other trademarks are
the property of their respective owners.

Patent Information
------------------

The accompanying product is protected by one or more U.S. and foreign
patents and/or pending patent applications held by Visual BI.

Microsoft Power BI Trademarks
-----------------------------

Microsoft Power BI and the services mentioned herein as well as their
respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft
Power BI. All other product and service names mentioned are the
trademarks of their respective companies
